c:\users\elena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Thing1\Thing1\bin\Windows\Debug\Thing1.exe
c:\users\elena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Thing1\Thing1\bin\Windows\Debug\Thing1.pdb
c:\users\elena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Thing1\Thing1\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\elena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Thing1\Thing1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\elena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Thing1\Thing1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\elena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Thing1\Thing1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\elena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Thing1\Thing1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\elena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Thing1\Thing1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\elena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Thing1\Thing1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\elena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Thing1\Thing1\bin\Windows\Debug\Lidgren.Network.dll
c:\users\elena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Thing1\Thing1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\elena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Thing1\Thing1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\elena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Thing1\Thing1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\elena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Thing1\Thing1\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\elena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Thing1\Thing1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\elena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Thing1\Thing1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\elena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Thing1\Thing1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\elena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Thing1\Thing1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\elena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Thing1\Thing1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\elena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Thing1\Thing1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\elena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Thing1\Thing1\bin\Windows\Debug\Lidgren.Network.xml
c:\users\elena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Thing1\Thing1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\elena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Thing1\Thing1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\elena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Thing1\Thing1\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\elena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Thing1\Thing1\obj\x86\Debug\Thing1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\elena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Thing1\Thing1\obj\x86\Debug\Thing1.exe
c:\users\elena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Thing1\Thing1\obj\x86\Debug\Thing1.pdb
c:\users\elena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Thing1\Thing1\obj\x86\Debug\Thing1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\elena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Thing1\Thing1\obj\x86\Debug\Thing1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Elena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Thing1\Thing1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\cat.jpg
C:\Users\Elena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Thing1\Thing1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\genericFont.spritefont
C:\Users\Elena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Thing1\Thing1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\XMLFile1.xml
C:\Users\Elena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Thing1\Thing1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\board.png
C:\Users\Elena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Thing1\Thing1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\tile.png
C:\Users\Elena\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Thing1\Thing1\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\gameOverText.png
